{'title': 'Dio Brando', 'content': "For a similar character, see Part 7 SpoilersDiego Brando\nDio Brando (ディオ・ブランドー, Dio Burandō), known as DIO (ディオ) from Part 3 onwards, is the main antagonist in the original universe of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, featured primarily as the main antagonist in Phantom Blood and Stardust Crusaders, and a posthumous key antagonist in Stone Ocean. \nAfter becoming a Vampire and later a Stand user, DIO has gathered around him many minions and is responsible for many major events of the series, from the death of Jonathan Joestar to the Joestar Family's sudden acquisition of Stand power, and his legacy persists throughout the series. He is the wielder of the immensely powerful The World.\nDIO is the father of Giorno Giovanna, the main protagonist of Part 5, as well as a handful of other illegitimate offspring.", 'sections': [{'title': 'Appearance', 'content': "DIO dons a jacket with a tight black tank top underneath, as well as chaps with an exposed crotch. His face is now in full-view, and on his head is a heart-shaped circlet to match his knee guards. He also wears pointed shoes known as crakows. This is his form during the beginning of the DIO's World story arc. In most depictions of DIO, his outfit is tinted orange or yellow.\nDIO has an extremely muscular build, most probably owing to his vampiric nature and extensive training. He has long golden hair, and has been described as attractive by some characters, such as Straizo and Enrico Pucci.\nHe also wears a necklace covering his neck scar and heart motifs above his feet and on his pant legs, but he quickly stopped sporting them after his first stairway confrontation with Polnareff."}, {'title': 'Personality', 'content': 'DIO has consistently been shown to be manipulative and violently domineering, regularly displaying a lack of conscience and empathy; a classic case of a psychopath and a sociopath.\n \nDIO\'s most recognizable characteristics are his boundless ambition and megalomania. Abused by his father, being underprivileged and having lived in the most miserable conditions, DIO set himself a goal of becoming the richest man alive. When he couldn\'t accomplish that, he settled for becoming the most powerful being on Earth. To do so, DIO used anything or anyone that he could in order to further his goals, disregarding any kind of morality that would restrain the range of actions available to him. Whether it be manipulation, seduction, or straight-up violence, DIO constantly sought to become more and more powerful, and to \'attain heaven\'. DIO enjoys being in a position of power above all else and has repeatedly stated how great he felt being in a dominating position no matter what it cost, be it selling his humanity for unholy and forbidden power as a member of the undead, or gaining powers that could eventually have him reshape the world in his image and have everyone worship him as a god. On the contrary, DIO never tolerated anyone standing up to him or equaling him in power, and was enraged and deeply disturbed at the thought several times.\nDIO can be extremely charming when he wants to be, with many characters remarking him as being scarily charismatic and fascinating. He has used his innate charisma to gather many servants, mainly Stand Users. He is also a talented actor, shown as he tricked Jonathan Joestar into letting him go. His guise is not perfect though, as there are people capable of seeing through his charismatic facade and allure by his own dark ambitions and power, such as Joseph Joestar, have likened him akin to a cult leader or even in comparison to historic tyrants and dictators like Hitler. \nPossibly through his twisted nature in life, DIO\'s family values primarily saw him pitting his own offspring through the same crucible of hatred and abuse he was put through in childhood. One of his main standards for the women he sought were those with atrocious personalities, selfish interests, and with the worst of hearts to father his children. His logic was that his children would be tempered with such a miserable upbringing as to breed "strong warrior souls" like himself because that\'s what happened with his father, Dario. This proved somewhat true, as with only one notable exception (Giorno Giovanna), did his kin exemplify the same kind of wicked nature and lust for power he did.\nThe Stand exemplifies the user\'s psyche. His Stand, The World, represents his immoral desire for power and boundless ambition for control, but also his embodiment of determination to do whatever it takes to achieve his goals. This is perhaps what makes The World one of the strongest Stands in the entire series.'}, {'title': 'History', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Early Life (~1867-1881)', 'content': "“\nHe IS PURE EVIL, right down to his very bones! Is he a victim of circumstance, you're wondering? Not on your life! He's been evil since he drew his first breath!\n”\n—Speedwagon, giving Jonathan his assessment on Dio\n \nDio was born the son of Dario Brando, an alcoholic and abusive father who he secretly despised, in part for having caused pain to his mother. It influenced Dio to covertly murder his father with a poison he secured from Wang Chan, learning from his dying father of George Joestar's debt while told to take advantage and seize the Joestar fortune.\nOnce in the Joestar Mansion, Dio wasted no time passing himself as a model gentleman while tormenting his new adoptive brother Jonathan in various ways to break his spirit. But Dio's plan backfires when he forcefully kissed Erina Pendleton to shame her and deny Jonathan a relationship with her. When Jonathan learned of this, he pummels Dio before George intervened. Though Dio retaliated by placing Jonathan's dog Danny in the incinerator, he realized that he needed to change his plans a bit."}, {'title': 'Phantom Blood (1888-89)', 'content': "“\nJoJo... if it wasn't for you, I never would have received the power of the Stone Mask... But at the same time, it was your damnable meddling that cost me world domination! If there truly a god pulling the strings, then it is no coincidence our paths intersect.\n”\n—Dio giving his personal realization to Jonathan\n \nSeven years later, both boys attend Hugh Hudson Academy, where Dio intends to graduate as a top law student. During that seven-year span, he had acted brotherly and friendly toward Jonathan to lull the latter into a false sense of security. Now an adult, Dio decides to make his move and take the Joestar fortune by secretly poisoning George with the same poison he used to kill Dario. Jonathan realized Dio's plot after reading Dario's letter to his father, confirming Dio's intent and leaving his father with trusted physicians as he sets out to find an antidote and concrete proof of Dio's crimes.\nDetermined not to be stopped, Dio plans to subtly kill Jonathan by staging an accident with the Stone Mask. But upon learning that Jonathan entered Ogre Street, Dio mused he would not need to kill Jonathan himself. While wandering the streets of Liverpool, Dio encounters two drunkards and decides to test the mask anyways. By slitting the throat of one while using the mask on the other, Dio unwittingly transforms one of the drunkards into a Vampire who nearly kills him were it not for a timely sunrise obliterating his attacker. Returning to the Joestar estate, Dio finds Jonathan waiting for him along with Robert E. O. Speedwagon and an ensemble of constables who are to arrest him for attempted murder. Cornered and with nothing left to lose, having intended to kill Jonathan, deals a fatal stab wound to George and uses his blood to activate the Stone Mask. The constables shoot Dio repeatedly through a window, only for him to come back to life as a vampire and slaughter them.\n \nLuring Dio away from Speedwagon, Jonathan battles the vampire while setting his home aflame in hopes that the fire will counter Dio's regeneration. After a short scuffle on the rooftop, Jonathan pushes Dio into the inferno and manages to impale him on a statue of the goddess of love; the combination of such a severe injury and the surrounding flames overpowers Dio, who seemingly burns away. However, a few days later when Wang Chan visits the charred remains of the house to find items to sell for profit, Dio resurfaces and drains his blood while vowing vengeance against Jonathan. After recruiting Jack the Ripper, Dio moves to the rural village of Windknight's Lot where he feeds on the populace to heal his body while building an army of zombies with the intent to take over London. Having sent Wang Chan to assassinate the supposed still recovering Jonathan, Dio is surprised when Wang Chan returns wounded and learns of the only thing besides sunlight that can destroy him: Ripple.\n \nWhen Jonathan, his Ripple teacher Will Anthonio Zeppeli, and Speedwagon reach Windknight's Lot, Dio hypnotizes a local boy named Poco who lures them to a graveyard filled with the undead. Dio reveals himself at this time, having mostly healed his body, and overwhelms Jonathan and Zeppeli by bypassing their Ripple attacks with his freezing ability. He then summons his strongest zombies, Bruford and Tarkus, to finish them off as he takes his leave. It is revealed later that Dio had also taken Poco's Sister, whom he attempts to bribe to join his undead legion. Unsuccessful, Dio leaves her at the mercy of Doobie, but Jonathan intervenes before anything grave happens. Finally, confronting Jonathan and the rest of the Joestar Group, Dio steps in to personally kill Jonathan. Nonetheless, Dire battles Dio first. The Ripple warrior is easily bested by Dio's ice techniques and his body is disintegrated, but Dire manages to injure Dio's eye before expiring. This drives Dio off the edge, summoning his zombies to kill the intruders while he proceeds to fight Jonathan.\nIn the battle that ensues on a balcony, Jonathan uses Luck & Pluck to sever Dio's right arm and nearly cleave him in half. Dio retaliates by freezing Jonathan's hands through the sword and threatens to cut Jonathan's carotid. Fortunately, Jonathan had plunged the tip of his sword into a flame behind Dio, and the heat transmitted through the metal weakens the freezing effect. Jonathan breaks free, and Dio breaks Luck & Pluck. As Jonathan is reduced to fighting barehanded, Dio's freezing powers give him the advantage once again. However, Jonathan sets his own fists on fire and Dio, unable to freeze Jonathan's punches, cannot defend himself and is hit on the chest by a powerful Ripple-infused blow. The impact sends Dio flying down a cliff and the Ripple disintegrates his body. Yet Dio manages to sever his own head before the Ripple reaches it and survives the fall; a little later, his head is taken to safety by Wang Chan.\n \nTwo weeks later, Dio's head infiltrates the boat the newly married Jonathan and Erina use to travel to America and celebrate their honeymoon. Hidden in a booby-trapped coffin, Dio has Wang Chan cause a zombie epidemic on the ship to lure Jonathan to him. Once making himself known to Jonathan while admitting to Jonathan that he had an epiphany that their fates are deeply intertwined, Dio reveals his intention to take Jonathan's body as his own. Dio then shoots space ripper stingy eyes at Jonathan's throat in an attempt to instantly kill him, but the attack only fatally wounded Jonathan with his stopped breathing preventing him from using his Ripple. Regardless, Jonathan uses his remaining Ripple to sabotage the ship to explode in a final attempt to end Dio for good. After putting Erina inside the coffin to protect her from the engine's explosion, Jonathan holds Dio's head in his arms. Dio begs Jonathan to let him live while tempting him with eternal life but realizes too that Jonathan had expired. The sinking ship explodes, though Dio succeeds in taking Jonathan's body and sinks into the depths of the Atlantic Ocean."}, {'title': 'Pre-Stardust Crusaders (1984-88)', 'content': " \nIn 1984, Dio is recovered off the coast of Africa by fishermen, who are implied to have been killed by him shortly after. Dio then seems to travel a great deal, ranging from Egypt to Japan. Around July–August 1984, he impregnates a Japanese woman who goes on to give birth to Giorno Giovanna. Sometime around 1985 to 1986, he also impregnates the future mother of Donatello Versus. The following year, he meets Enya the Hag and gains a Stand power (The World) as a result of the Bow and Arrow. Later that same year, he encounters Jean Pierre Polnareff and brainwashes him.\nIn 1987, he first meets Enrico Pucci while hiding in a church waiting for the sun to set, DIO then healed Pucci's disfigured foot and gave him a Stand Arrow, speaking about the gravity which draws people together. He then told Pucci to seek him out using the Arrow if he wished to learn more. Sometime around 1987 to 1988, he impregnates the future mothers of Ungalo and Rikiel. July of 1988, he goes on to encounter Muhammad Avdol in Egypt and around the same time, his Stand experiences its first instance of stopping time. In August, he meets Noriaki Kakyoin while the latter is vacationing in Egypt and fights and brainwashes him as well. After a series of unfortunate events which led to Pucci being stabbed by the Arrow and gaining a Stand, he turns to DIO.DIO spends a fair amount of time philosophizing in his mansion with Pucci as the two grew to be closer friends, spending a considerable amount of time together, each traveling to the other's location across the world and discussing ways to turn their philosophies into reality. During one of DIO's visits, he suddenly brings up his interest in reaching an ideal heaven, revealing that he had written the plans to do so in a diary and that he would need Pucci's help in doing so. However, DIO questions Pucci's loyalty to him, pondering why the latter doesn't use Whitesnake to remove The World from him. Pucci explains that he loves DIO as he loves God, and thus worships him too much to betray him. Ensuring that he wouldn't completely fade, DIO leaves one of Bones in Pucci's care. One day Pucci asked DIO what he thought was the weakest stand and DIO answered that it was Survivor due to it only making people angry, which would cause internal fights in a group with no benefit. Pucci then asked DIO he could have it, believing that it might be useful some day and DIO allowed the request."}, {'title': 'Stardust Crusaders (1988-89)', 'content': '“\nDon\'t you Joestars ever give up?!\n”\n—DIO to Jotaro after showing The World\'s superiority\n \nThe awakened Dio Brando, now referred to as simply "DIO", begins his next moves within the later months of 1988. For much of this time, DIO remains in shadows, and the question of exactly what his stand "The World" does is a mystery to the Joestars and their companions. DIO\'s ambition is to create a perfect world for him and his servants. In the interim, he seeks to drain for himself the blood of the Joestar lineage, which will help him to fully fuse with Jonathan\'s body and take better control of The World.\nDespite his knowledge that Joseph Joestar and allies are looking for him, he does not make any effort to go confront them himself and instead chooses to remain in his mansion reading or feeding on the blood of women, while the protagonists battle their way toward him.\nWhen Hol Horse reports on the defeat of Alessi and Mariah, DIO questions him about his inability to fight, which makes the cowboy turn against DIO. DIO surprises him with his power, leaving a fearful Hol Horse to return to his side. Not long afterwards, when Vanilla Ice comes to inform him of Telence T. D\'Arby\'s defeat, Vanilla volunteers his life to complete DIO\'s assimilation of Jonathan\'s body and subsequently slices off his own head. DIO then utilizes his own blood to revive Vanilla as a vampire. After Vanilla\'s defeat, DIO\'s face is reveals himself before the Joestar group for the first time when he confronts Polnareff on a set of stairs. He toys with Polnareff for a while but when it becomes clear that Polnareff won\'t rejoin his ranks, DIO prepares to kill him - only to be interrupted by Joseph, Jotaro and Kakyoin breaking down a wall and flooding the stairs with sunlight. \n \nthen flees to higher ground.\nWith the sun setting, the remaining Joestar companions split up into two groups and DIO follows Joseph and Kakyoin, who have commandeered a truck. DIO does much the same by taking over a limousine and forcing the senator inside, Wilson Phillips, to act as a chauffeur. During the car chase, DIO is attacked by Kakyoin\'s Hierophant Green but comes out unscathed thanks to The World, which he uses to counterattack. In order to get close enough to Joseph and Kakyoin\'s truck, DIO launches the senator at them, thus resulting in their truck crashing into a building. He then follows them as they use their stands to flee across the rooftops, and ends up battling Kakyoin in the process. Kakyoin is able to use his Stand to make a barrier from which DIO can\'t escape without getting hurt. DIO uses The World to stop time and destroy the barrier, punching Kakyoin through the stomach and back. Before dying, Kakyoin realizes the nature of The World\'s time-stop power and uses his last strength to give Joseph a message. DIO wastes no time in catching up to and attacking Joseph, who is able to pass Kakyoin\'s message to Jotaro. \n \nAfter a long and bloody battle between DIO and Jotaro, the latter is able to stop time just before DIO drops a steamroller on him, and wounds DIO\'s leg. Jotaro plans to keep on breaking DIO\'s leg whenever it regenerates until the sun comes up and kills him. DIO, determined not to lose, squirts some blood out of his leg and into Jotaro\'s eyes. He then attempts to escape but to no avail. In the end, Jotaro lands a punch which connects with a kick from DIO. The kick connects at approximately the same point on The World\'s leg as where DIO broke his. Because injuries to a Stand and its user echo each other, this is where The World\'s own structure was weakest. Jotaro\'s hand breaks but DIO\'s upper body starts to crumble, and his head shatters. Jotaro and doctors from the Speedwagon Foundation are able to do a blood transfusion between Joseph\'s body and the lower half of DIO\'s body. The transfusion is able to revive Joseph, and later they lay DIO\'s remains in the middle of the Sahara Desert to disintegrate with the rising sun.'}, {'title': 'Legacy', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Diamond is Unbreakable (1999)', 'content': " \nAfter DIO's death, it is revealed that he, along with Enya, had more affiliates beside those discovered by the Joestar group. The Nijimura Patriarch, like others, sold his soul to DIO and had a flesh bud implanted on his forehead, similar to Polnareff and Kakyoin. However, it burst after DIO's death, mutating him for life. Sometime before Enya died, she gave the Nijimura Patriarch one of the Arrows in their possession which one of his sons used to create Stand users in Morioh. Yoshihiro Kira was also revealed to have been given an Arrow before his death. Kira used this Arrow to create more Stand users in Morioh as well, including his own son Yoshikage.\nAlso during the events of Stardust Crusaders, the very young Josuke Higashikata was gravely sick, forcing his mother to seek any means necessary to get to the hospital in the middle of winter, not knowing this was DIO's curse upon the Joestar bloodline at work. Fortunately, an unlikely hero helped the mother-and-son's car plow through the snow, positively influencing Josuke in his childhood. As DIO was killed, Josuke's condition improves and grows up into a Stand-wielding teenager to lead the events of Diamond is Unbreakable.\n "}, {'title': 'Vento Aureo (2001)', 'content': "Around twelve years after their battle in Egypt, Jotaro Kujo learns that DIO had at least one child, utilizing Jonathan's body, after his casket was pulled up from the ocean. It is later discovered by Koichi Hirose that this son was Giorno Giovanna. After DIO's defeat, Polnareff took the stand arrow from his mansion. This then lead Polnareff to go to Italy and track down Diavolo after finding out about the arrow in his possession."}, {'title': 'Stone Ocean (2011-2012)', 'content': 'In the year 2011, Enrico Pucci acts on DIO\'s heaven plan by framing Jolyne Cujoh, Jotaro Kujo\'s daughter, using her as bait in order to stealing his memory DISC\n \nDIO\'s Bone bone becomes vital to Pucci\'s plan when one of his underlings, Sports Maxx, uses his Stand to reanimate it. This results in the incubation of a "Green Child" (which also possessed the Star Birthmark) that would later merge with Pucci to give him C-MOON and finally Made in Heaven. Aside from Pucci, several other figures emerge, shown to have ties to DIO: Johngalli A is one of DIO\'s underlings who bears a grudge against the Joestars for DIO\'s demise, and Ungalo, Rikiel and Donatello Versus are, like Giorno, DIO\'s illegitimate children. Pucci goes on to recruit Ungalo, Rikiel, and Donatello to fight Jolyne and her comrades while he waits for the new moon.'}]}]}, {'title': 'Abilities', 'content': "DIO has been stated by Araki to be one of the strongest characters in the entire series, being able to defeat many Hamon users with relative ease, notably Dire and Zeppeli, and this was before he acquired his Stand. During Part 3, he awakens his Stand, The World, and therefore, its ability to manipulate time, coupled with his vampiric powers (along with Jonathan Joestar's Stand. It took the combined efforts of Kakyoin, Joseph Joestar, Jotaro Kujo and Polnareff, four powerful Stand Users able to boast many other opponent Stand Users in combat, to defeat High Voltage DIO. Even then, Kakyoin and Joseph were killed in battle (albeit Joseph was revived later), and Jotaro and Polnareff sustained severe injuries. ", 'sections': [{'title': 'Stands', 'content': "DIO remains one of the only beings to have possessed two Stands: the undeniably powerful The World and Jonathan Joestar's Stand.", 'sections': [{'title': 'The World', 'content': "Main article: The World\n \nDIO's main Stand is The World; a humanoid Stand that specializes in melee attack roughly equal, if not superior, in its immense force and speed to Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum.\nAbout a year after gaining his Stand, DIO discovered that it is capable of stopping time. At first, he could only do this for a very short amount of time, but by the end of Part 3, he is able to stop time for a maximum of 9 seconds. DIO can move in other time stops for a maximum of two seconds. These durations would have continued to develop had DIO not been defeated. When stopping time, DIO gives the impression that he is teleporting or otherwise moving at impossible speeds.\nThe ability is best known for DIO's activation and cancellation phrases THE WORLD, Time, stop! (世界(ザ・ワールド)! 時よ止まれ!, Za Warudo! Toki yo Tomare!) and Time resumes. (時は動き出す, Toki wa Ugokidasu).\n "}, {'title': "Jonathan Joestar's Stand", 'content': 'Main article: Jonathan Joestar#Stand\nMain article: List of Unnamed Stands#Joestar Stand\nDIO also is shown to possess another Stand ability with similar precognitive/divination abilities and appearance to Hermit Purple. This ability appears to have been the Stand that awakened in the body of Jonathan Joestar, whom he had attached his head to. This is also known as The Passion, in JORGE JOESTAR, which allows him to see into the future and the futures of his relatives. '}]}, {'title': 'Vampiric', 'content': 'Main article: Vampire\nBecoming a Vampire from a Stone Mask as a young adult, Dio displays a broad range of fantastic, supernatural abilities; explained as expressions of the full, unbound potential of the human body. This includes superhuman strength, quick healing, and eternal life.'}, {'title': 'Weaknesses', 'content': "Vampiric Body: At the expense of having a body sustained by sheer willpower alone, rather than vital energy, a sufficiently powerful force of vitality - specifically sunlight or the Ripple - will negate the sustaining force's presence and disintegrate the long-unliving body.\nJonathan's Body (former): When he first acquired Jonathan Joestar's body and resurfaced from the ocean, he was unable to use the full power of his Stand, and had to acquire blood from a live Joestar to compensate and fully synchronize. Once this weakness was negated, he managed to grow significantly stronger, as did his Stand. His stolen body, being half-mortal also had a slower regeneration rate than his original one. This weakness was found on the left side of his body. In the climax of DIO's fight with Jotaro when DIO kicked with his wounded left leg, the entire left side of his body shattered against Star Platinum's fist."}, {'title': 'Beyond (JORGE JOESTAR)', 'content': 'Main article: Beyond\n“\nBeyond. Dio Brando had one behind him, too.\n”\n—Joji Joestar seeing Dio\'s Beyond\n \nIn the light novel, Dio is one of the three users who wield the ability Beyond. Dio\'s Beyond is the only one that is given a name, Trinity. After the death of Tsukumojuku Kato, the original user of Beyond, the ability had been split between three people. Joji Joestar, George Joestar II and Dio himself. Dio uses his Beyond, believing that he is the king of the world. \nBeyond essentially gives its users plot armor or "script immunity". It grants Dio self-awareness in which he realizes that he is merely a character in someone else\'s story, and by believing in his Beyond, his Beyond will give him the means to do whatever it is he needs to do in his benefit as long as he believes in it. It currently stands as one of the most powerful abilities in the JoJo series, despite not being canon.'}, {'title': 'Ultimate Stands', 'content': "During his battle with Kars, Dio steals Kars' C-Moon Ultimate Requiem, and evolves it into Made In Heaven Ultimate Requiem. He even wields The World Ultimate, which Kars had stolen from him. \nThe World UltimateThe Passion1/2"}]}, {'title': 'Gallery', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Illustrations', 'content': "Cover of Volume 27Chapter 226Chapter 253Cover of Volume 28DIO, Midler, and MariahDio from JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE OVER HEAVENDIO's artwork for Jump Super StarsDIO & The World in Jump Ultimate StarsShadow DIO in CrusadeDIO sketch from Araki - BluRay BOXDIO from Ripples of AdventureJoJonium Vol. 1JoJonium Vol. 3DIO & The World's updated JoJonium designsAs Ultimate Dio in JORGE JOESTAR"}, {'title': 'Part 1: Phantom Blood', 'content': 'MangaAnimeOtherSketches\n3 moles on the lobule of his left earAt his father\'s grave, Chapter 1The young DioDio kicking DannyDio plotting to ruin Jonathan\'s lifeDio bullies JonathanDio about to face Jonathan in a boxing matchDio forcefully kissing ErinaDio\'s quote: "You thought your first kiss would be from JoJo...But it was me, Dio!"Dio enraged at Erina\'s insultDio crying when Jonathan beats himCover, Chapter 4Dio playing rugbyJonathan and Dio confronting each otherJonathan launching DioDio retrieving the Stone Mask in order to kill JonathanDrinking in the streetsDio rejects his humanityDio becomes a vampireDio\'s trademark shriekDio walking on a wallDio recovering from his defeatClose up of a wounded DioDio in his vampiric gloryDio appears again before JonathanCover, Chapter 37Dio confronted by JonathanDio about to face Jonathan in their final battleDio destroying Dire\'s frozen bodyDio bifurcated by JonathanCover, Chapter 41First instance of the Space Ripper Stingy EyesDio as a head\nA young Dio glaring at his dying fatherDio meets Jonathan for the first timeDio kicking DannyDio about to face Jonathan in a boxing matchDio gaining an upper hand against JonathanDio winning the matchDio forcefully kissing ErinaDio\'s quote: "You thought your first kiss would be from JoJo...But it was me, Dio!"Dio striking Erina for insulting him.Dio being beaten by a furious JonathanDio and Jonathan as adults, playing RugbyDio almost killed by a vampire he unknowingly created.Dio uses the Stone Mask on himselfDio, now a vampire, faces JonathanDio and Jonathan fall into the burning mansion\'s flamesDio impaled on the Statue of the Goddess of LoveDio heals his woundsDio appears again before JonathanDio about to face Jonathan in their final battleDio destroying Dire\'s frozen bodyDio bifurcated by JonathanDio\'s severed head held by Wang ChanDio attempting to take Jonathan\'s bodyDio\'s head being cradled in Jonathan\'s lifeless armsConcept Art (preteen) for the TV animeConcept Art (adult) for the TV animeDio as a vampire on the cover of a Blu-RayDio Brando holding the Stone Mask on a promotional postcardYoung Dio in the ending creditsAdult Dio in the ending creditsVampire Dio in the ending creditsReference sheet: HeadReference sheet: Head 2Reference sheet: Head in jarReference sheet: BodyReference sheet: Body 2Reference sheet: Body 3Reference sheet: Body 4Reference sheet: Body 5Reference sheet: Body 6Reference sheet: Body 7Reference sheet: Young DioReference sheet: Young Dio 2Reference sheet: Young Dio 3\nDio in the Phantom Blood Movie 2004 Test PilotDio As He Appears With Dario In The Part 3 OVA\'s Timeline VideosYoung Dio (Part 3 OVA)Dios Body Exploding (Part 3 OVA)Dio\'s Severed Head Attacking Jonathan (Part 3 OVA)Dio Trapped In The Deceased Jonathans Arms (Part 3 OVA)'}, {'title': 'Part 3: Stardust Crusaders', 'content': 'MangaAnimeOVASketches\nDio posing with his new bodyDIO poses in the shadowsDIO using Jonathan\'s StandDIO admires the reflection of his new bodyDIO\'s face revealedStar Platinum caves DIO\'s skull in with a punchDIO\'s grandiose entrance during Volume 27DIO revealing his Stand, The WorldDIO standing on top of his mansion\'s steepleCover, Chapter 251DIO kicking Hierophant Green\'s Emerald SplashSummoning The World to stop the time, DIO prepares to kill KakyoinDIO kills KakyoinDIO kills Joseph by using a knifeDIO and Jotaro readying for their final battleDisplaying his neck scar/birthmarkCover, Chapter 257DIO\'s stomach caves in after Star Platinum punches The WorldStar Platinum delivers a crippling blow to DIO\'s head"Awakened DIO", now with the perfect body after sucking the blood of JosephCover, Chapter 262WRYYYYYYYYYYDIO drops a steamroller on JotaroThe final clashDIO\'s deathDIO\'s remains are disintegrated in the sun\nDIO in STAND PROUD\'Shadow\' DIO\'s first appearanceDIO gazes upon his reflectionDIO using Hermit Purple on a camera.DIO posing with unyielding confidenceDIO with his bird, Pet ShopDIO awakens his Stand for the first time to stop a shotgun blast"Joseph Joestar... You are watching me!"DIO appears before Kakyoin, seducing him over to his sideDIO demonstrating his unsymmetrical healingDIO reveals himself to PolnareffDIO\'s grandiose entranceDIO smiles confidently at PolnareffDIO\'s tarot card representing "The World"DIO alongside his infamous Stand, The WorldDIO gazes upon Cairo from the top of his mansionForcing Wilson Phillips to drive after the Joestar groupShowing off the Joestar birthmark on his bodyDIO stops time while battling JosephStar Platinum punching in DIO\'s skullDIO, fatally injured and trying to retreat"Awakened DIO" from BD Cover"Awakened DIO", now with the perfect body after sucking the blood of Joseph. (Note the error of DIO\'s lip color.)DIO and Jotaro, about to clash fists in the final showdownWRYYYYYYYYYYDIO enjoying the "high" from Joseph\'s bloodDIO drops a road roller on JotaroDIO reveling over the apparent death of JotaroIronically frozen in time, Jotaro taunts DIO with his newly-awakened powersDIO\'s body destroyed by Star Platinum\'s fatal blowThe sunlight disintegrates DIO\'s remains, finally ending the nefarious vampireDIO smugly walking past a frozen Jotaro during JoJo Sono Chi no Kioku ~end of THE WORLD~"Shadow DIO" promotional art for the anime"Revealed DIO" promotional art for the animeAnime reference sheet: poseAnime reference sheet: backAnime reference sheet: front\nKey art for the OVADIO, as seen in the 1993 OVADio, about to crush Jotaro with an oil tanker'}, {'title': 'Parts 4, 5 & 6: Diamond is Unbreakable, Vento Aureo & Stone Ocean', 'content': 'DIO in Chapter 16 of Diamond is Unbreakable.DIO in Keicho\'s flashback.Giorno\'s photograph of DIO, VA Chapter 2Giorno\'s photograph of DIO in the animeSO Chapter 48, foregroundDIO\'s full appearance in Stone OceanDIO and Pucci conversing, SO Chapter 94DIO\'s Bone plays an important role in Stone OceanDIO\'S remark about the concept of weakness and strength, Stone Ocean"Stone Ocean" anime, Episode 12Full appearance in the "Stone Ocean" animeDIO asking for Pucci\'s help in testing his theory.'}, {'title': 'Games', 'content': 'HftFPBASBEoHDRVarious\nShadow DIO\'s portrait from Heritage for the FutureDIO and The World in Heritage for the FutureShadow formShadow DIO spriteShadow DIO (Idle Animation)Shadow DIO\'s color 2Shadow DIO\'s color 3Shadow DIO\'s color 4Shadow DIO\'s color 5Revealed DIO\'s spriteDIO\'s sprite animation (Playable version)DIO with The WorldDIO with Stand\'s color 2 (based on Crazy Diamond)DIO with Stand\'s color 3DIO with Stand\'s color 4DIO with Stand\'s color 5DIO\'s boss spriteDIO\'s sprite animation (Boss version)DIO (Boss version) with The WorldDIO with Stand\'s color 2 (based on Crazy Diamond)DIO with Stand\'s color 3DIO with Stand\'s color 4DIO with Stand\'s color 5\nDio, 13 years old, scowling over his father\'s grave, Phantom Blood PS2Arrival at the Joestar MansionStealing Erina\'s first kissAfter striking ErinaBeaten by Jonathan20 years old, after being interrogated by JonathanDio\'s blood being siphoned by the Vampire he created with a Stone MaskBrought in by Jonathan for query"I reject my humanity!"As a vampire, composed to battle JonathanImpaled on a statue in the burning mansion, seemingly defeatedPeering through the rubbleResurfacing in the moonlightFighting Will Zeppeli and JonathanVampiric essenceSitting among his beasts, holding Poco\'s sister hostageTaunting Jonathan, at their ultimate meetingFreezing DirePouncing upon JonathanReforming his halved selfA final strike against JonathanThrown of a cliff to his doomReturning, bodiless, in Wang Chan\'s handsTrying to overtake Jonathan\'s body, using bands from his headIn Jonathan\'s dying arms, trying to persuade himFull body render\nDio Brando in All Star BattleDio\'s intro, All Star BattleDio using his "I\'ll suck you dry!" skill, ASBDio executing his HHA, ASBDio unleashing his HHA, ASBDio executing his GHA, ASBDio during his GHA, ASBDio Brando Costume A in All Star BattleDio Brando Costume B in All Star BattleAll Star Battle concept artDIO in All Star BattleShadow DIO alternate costume in All Star BattleDIO during his HHA, ASBDIO\'s HHA after throwing the knives, ASBDIO executing his GHA, ASBDIO with the steam roller during his GHA, ASBDio Costume A in All Star BattleDio Costume B in All Star BattleDio Costume C in All Star BattleDio Costume D in All Star BattleAll Star Battle concept art (DIO)Dio (both Parts 1 and 3), along with other main antagonists, in All Star Battle\nDio Brando render, Eyes of HeavenDio using his "I\'ll suck you dry!" skill, EoHDIO render, Eyes of HeavenDIO stopping time, EoHDIO attacking within stopped time, EoHDIO during his solo DHA, EoHDIO\'s Standard Costume in EoH\nDio Brando & DIO with other antagonists in the opening for Diamond Records ReversalDio Brando as he appears in Diamond RecordsTeaser image for Shadow DIO, DRTeaser image for DIO, DRDIO\'s Super SP Skill, DRTeaser image for High DIO, DRTeaser image for 6-star High DIO, DR"It\'s a Steamroller!!" High DIO\'s Super SP Skill, DR\nDio Brando (Phantom Blood) icon from JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure: Diamond RecordsJotaro vs DIO from JoJo\'s Pitter-Patter Pop!Model from Jump Force'}, {'title': 'Figurines', 'content': "TokimekiBanprestoMedicos EntertainmentDi Molto BeneVarious\nChara Heroes; Part 1 Vol.1Chara Heroes; Part 1 Vol.1Chara Heroes; Part 3 Vol.2 (Secret)Chara Heroes; Part 3 Vol.3Chara Heroes; Part 6 Vol.2\nJoJo's Figure GalleryDX Collection JoJo FigureDX Collection JoJo FigureIchiban KujiDIO AnniversariesSofubi FigureSofubi FigureWorld Collectable FigureWorld Collectable FigureWorld Collectable FigureHot Topic Figure\nSuper Action StatueSuper Action Statue (Wonderfest)Super Action StatueSuper Action Statue (Wonderfest)Super Action Statue (Black)Super Action Statue (Awakened)Super Action Statue (Awakened)Super Figure RevolutionSuper Figure RevolutionSuper Figure Revolution (Gold)Super Figure RevolutionSuper Figure Revolution (Neo)Super Figure RevolutionSuper Figure Revolution (Silver)Super Figure Revolution\nStatue LegendStatue LegendStatue Legend (Shadow)Statue Legend (Shadow)Statue Legend (Shadow)\nKotobukiyaKotobukiyaReal Action HeroesReal Action Heroes (Limited Edition)Cutie Figure Mascot"}]}, {'title': 'JORGE JOESTAR', 'content': "The information below derives from a source not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canonW.\nAfter the death of Jonathan Joestar, Erina Pendleton attempted to escape the wreckage of the sinking ship with the baby Lisa Lisa in Dio's Coffin. However, she is horrified when Dio appears outside of the coffin. He takes Lisa Lisa hostage to force Erina to let him drink her blood. She agreed. During the night, she could hear Dio in pain as Jonathan's body attempted to reject Dio. But in response, Dio would crave more of her blood, which she had no choice but to surrender to him. However, this wasn't entirely bad though, as he needed her alive. He would catch fish for her to eat, but she had a tendency to worry first and foremost about Lisa Lisa, feeding her the fish as opposed to eating it herself. In an attempt to goad her into taking better care of herself, he informed her that she was pregnant. \n \nThis caused Erina to begin eating more. Dio would also drink in the sea water and use his vampiric abilities to remove the salt from the water and would then inject it into Erina and the baby. It was then that Erina mentioned that the coffin had two layers to it. She told Dio to get out of the water and use the second layer. However, Dio knew of her plot to remove the false bottom and expose him to sunlight during the day and told her instead to get into the second layer while he would get into the upper. He also kept baby Lisa Lisa with him as leverage should she attempt anything stupid. Dio eventually seemed to manifest an odd ability that Erina couldn't see which allowed him to kill a bird on top of the coffin and retrieve it without exposing himself to the sun's light. Erina would question this. As time went on, Dio enacted a plan to gaslight Erina by accusing her of being the reason Jonathan was dead and then treat her kindly to make him seem more like her friend than her enemy. This went on for a long time until Erina even agreed to marry him.\nAs time passed, Dio's wounds began to heal from how much of Erina's blood he had drank. At one point, Dio would remove the false floor for a time and ask his soon-to-be wife for a kiss. However, Erina began to come back to her senses and remembers who Dio was and refused, stating that there was no muddy water to wash her mouth out when she was done. In anger, he threw her out of the coffin, but as she floated in the water, she would find her true husband, Jonathan's, head. Dio quickly pulls her up and tells her that Jonathan will eat her as he believed that Jonathan had become a zombie. However, when he did not, Dio was left confused. He attempted to smash Jonathan's head, but was stopped by Erina who stabbed herself in the neck. This shocked Dio and then gave hope to Erina as she finally realized that the one with all the power wasn't Dio, but her. Dio needed her alive, and if she killed herself, Dio would lose everything. Dio, without having any choice, tended her wounds and gave her blood to keep her alive which left him in a worse state than when he had first encountered her. With her newfound power over her captor, she began to rewrite the rules of their engagement and put him on the bottom level of the casket while she remained on the upper levels. Many times she considered just killing Dio, and she easily could have with the state he was in. But her compassion outweighed her vengeful feelings and instead, she merely pitied the vampire. When she was rescued by fishermen, as opposed to killing him, she merely had the fishermen weigh down the casket and sank it into the sea. \nFor years, he spent time at the bottom of the sea with only his thoughts and Jonathan's Stand to entertain him. With this Stand, he could witness the future. Through use of it, as well as his Beyond, Trinity, he manipulated events, causing his own future son to dream of him where he would manipulate him to accomplish his own goals. This causes Giorno to awaken his Diavolo persona which he would later have return through time with Cube House's ability and awaken him. He would later drink Giorno's blood and then travel time with Cube House, meet Funny Valentine, and eventually kill a version of Kars and consume him. After some time, he returns back in time with what was left of this version of Kars. It is then that Giorno's body having reverted from his Diavolo personality would attempt to attack Dio, only to be defeated. Dio would then rip out a part of his soul which contained his stand and implant it into Giorno, which would transform Giorno into an incarnation of DIO. Dio would then put his transformed son into the coffin and close it before stating that he plans to sleep for two years until DIO is killed by Jotaro Kujo in Egypt where he will then reclaim his soul. \n \nDio would then find himself reunited with Funny Valentine who would introduce him to Joji Joestar, Narancia Ghirga, Kars, Penelope de la Rosa and Enrico Pucci, the latter of which would mistake Dio for Jesus and would suddenly achieve Heaven. Before Pucci can speed up time, Dio has Antonio Torres eat Pucci to get him out of the bubble surrounding the United Kingdom. Here, Pucci accelerates time to infinity and resets the universe 36 times, allowing them to enter Universe 37 where Dio is eager to fight against the Ultimate Life Form Kars, who is just as eager to fight. For some time they exchange blows which cause their bodies to explode and regenerate. Both continue fighting with Kars utilizing both U-Boat Ultimate and Dune Ultimate in an effort to both destroy and seal Dio away. However, this doesn't work as the two Ultimate Life Forms revel in the best times of their lives. Dio then decides to enact his own planned attack in which he would use Funny Valentine and The Funniest Valentine to teleport Kars. Initially, this fails, but after many tries, it succeeds. However, Kars and Joji Joestar use an alternate version of Yoshikage Kira to spam Bites the Dust and reset the world to one hour before the Valentines would catch Kars in Dio's clap trap. At just the right moment, Joji screams out for Kars to dodge. Though Dio uses a backup plan, and has nine versions of Funny Valentine and nine versions of The Funniest Valentine jump at Kars and teleport him before they all perish as Menger SpongesW. \n \nDio believes he has won, then he notice's Kars hovering above having perfected Dio's own The World Ultimate and used it to escape a split-second before the Funnies touched him. Joji wonders where Dio's confidence comes from, and for a moment, he catches a glimpse of what appears to be Jesus behind Dio and begins to realize that Dio has a Beyond on his side. Dio forms his own The World Ultimate to battle Kars, but Kars switches to Whitesnake Ultimate and then punches Dio on the side of his head, shattering The World's Stand DISC. He then shatters Dio's body into nine pieces, but not before Dio can stab his C-Moon with the Requiem Arrow. Dio then escapes from the bubble around the United Kingdom and activates Made in Heaven Ultimate Requiem and begins to reset the universe. It is revealed by the Valentine's that Dio must be the Saint's Corpse from the original Steel Ball Run universe and that Dio must be attempting to go there to collect all of his split body parts and recombine them into one to continue the fight. Using Bites the Dust, Kars and Joji travel back in time to the Steel Ball Run Universe where they all converge on Trinity ChurchW where the Saint's Corpse is located. There Dio attempts to remove the head of the Saint's Corpse to reattach his own head to, but he is stopped by Erina and Lisa Lisa who distract Dio while Kars and Joji place Jonathan's head on the Saint's Corpse, reviving Jonathan Joestar and returning him back to Erina. In anger, Dio attaches his head to the decapitated Diego Brando and then disappears into the darkness, declaring that he's done dealing with Joestars. "}, {'title': 'Misc', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Major Battles', 'content': "Dio vs Jonathan Joestar (At Joestar Mansion; child)\nDio vs Jonathan (After Dio becomes a vampire)\nDio vs Jonathan and Will A. Zeppeli\nDio vs Dire\nDio vs Jonathan (final battle in Windknight's Lot)\nDio (bodyless) and Wang Chan vs Jonathan (on the ship)\nDIO vs Hol Horse\nDIO vs Noriaki Kakyoin and Joseph Joestar\nDIO vs Jotaro Kujo\nDIO vs Jean Pierre Polnareff\nDIO vs Jotaro Kujo (final battle)"}, {'title': 'Relationships', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Family', 'content': "Dario Brando: Dio hated his father and saw Dario only as a stepping stone in his path to ascend in society. Dio's hatred stems from the abuse Dario dealt Dio's mother with his alcoholism, as well as Dio himself, to the point where he secretly poisoned to death and tricked Dario into thinking he was sick. He emphasizes this by spitting on his father's grave before leaving for the Joestar mansion.\nDio Brando's Mother: Though she isn't seen interacting with him, it's very clear that Dio loved his mother deeply, and the abuse she was dealt by his father was one of the reasons Dio slowly and painfully killed Dario. His mother may be the only person that Dio truly loved.\nGiorno Giovanna: DIO is not shown to have interacted with his son, Giorno, although Giorno keeps a photo of him in his wallet. It is unknown where Giorno got it from (Presumably from his mother) or if he knows of the kind of person his father was. Also of note is that DIO would drain Giorno's mother of her blood, had he not been killed himself by Jotaro.\nUngalo, Donatello Versus, and Rikiel: Similar to Giorno's case, the mothers of all three men were left alive. However, none of them inherited Jonathan's spirit. All three only learned of their true father's identity after their fated encounter with Pucci."}, {'title': 'Allies', 'content': "Enrico Pucci: DIO's encounter with Pucci is presumably the most prominent example of humanity displayed by him, having healed Pucci's foot when they first meet. Through the time he spends with Pucci, DIO comes to trust him enough to allow Pucci to inherit control of his plan. At one point, DIO forced Pucci's hand into his head and nearly had his Stand DISC removed to test Pucci's loyalty to him.\nVanilla Ice: While the former is fanatically loyal to his cause, even willing to chop off his head to prove his worth, DIO annoyingly notes that Vanilla Ice often forgets about the doors after he uses his Stand, Cream, to travel via making a hole in the wall. Still DIO highly respected Ice's abilities, refusing to use the blood of someone of his caliber to heal himself.\nWang Chan: While at first a provider of his secret oriental poison that was crucial in killing Dario and attempting to kill George, after becoming a vampire, Dio used him as a scout and aide once his head is chopped off. Despite his dependence on Wang Chan, Dio doesn't take his insults to Jonathan lightly and threatens him for it.\nPet Shop: While not much is known about their relationship, DIO personally selected Pet Shop as the guardian of his temple while he was in Egypt.\nEnya the Hag: Enya was one of DIO's most loyal followers and supporters. Despite her loyalty, DIO secretly implanted her with a flesh bud to insure her secrecy.\nN'Doul: DIO was the first person to see N'Doul's worth which caused N'Doul to admire DIO. N'Doul was so loyal to DIO, that he killed himself in order to prevent himself from leaking valuable information.\nJohngalli A: While there is no on-screen interaction between them, Johngalli was highly loyal to DIO, as shown when he framed Jolyne for murder and attempted to kill her and Jotaro to avenge him."}, {'title': 'Enemies', 'content': "Jonathan Joestar: One of the most impactful relationships Dio ever had was with his adoptive brother, Jonathan Joestar. He initially viewed his adoptive brother as a stepping stone and pest to be driven to despair and abused in order to gain the Joestar family fortune. After being beaten once, he viewed him as more of a threat, feigning brotherly bonds in public, while secretly poisoning George Joestar in order to get his fortune quicker. He intended to kill Jonathan with the Stone Mask, but upon discovering the hidden power to unlock the vampire powers of man, he decided to use it on himself in order to become one. After another failed attempt to kill his adopted brother, due to his ego, Dio decides to have others face him rather than turn Jonathan into a zombie himself. After being bested by Jonathan, he quickly changes his mind, only to be thwarted once again. In their final confrontation, Dio admits he respects Jonathan (to the point of scolding Wang Chan for taunting him) and is genuinely shocked when Jonathan dies. Dio would use Jonathan's body as a host, defining the destiny between him and the Joestar Family for centuries to come.\nWill Anthonio Zeppeli: Due to Dio having used the Stone Mask and becoming a Vampire, Zeppeli immediately viewed Dio as an enemy once he learned about the incident at the Joestar Mansion and due to his own father using the same mask to become a Vampire himself. Dio himself is dismissive of Zeppeli's hatred towards his vampiric ways and connection to the Stone Mask, only viewing Zeppeli's mastery of the unfamiliar Ripple as nothing more than magic tricks.\nRobert E. O. Speedwagon: After hearing from Jonathan what Dio was doing to George Joestar I, Speedwagon decided to help with finding the man that sold Dio the poison. Dio openly declares that after killing Jonathan, he would dispose of Speedwagon as well for being involved. After everything that had happened at the Joestar Mansion, Speedwagon went along with Jonathan and Zeppeli to defeat Dio, knowing that he was too dangerous now as a vampire to be left running around.\nGeorge Joestar: While George has always treated Dio with kindness and respect, Dio only saw George as a stepping stone in his quest for wealth. Thus, Dio feigned being the perfect ward to George, and even called him father despite having no such views.\nDire, Straizo, and Tonpetty: Being Ripple Warriors, the three knew the dangers of the Stone Mask and viewed Dio as an enemy because of his use of it. Out of the three of them, Dire was the one who really wanted to defeat Dio on his own, due to having been a friend of Zeppeli's for many years and Dio having a role in his death. At the time, Straizo knew that defeating Dio was important; however, many years later, he would admit to the older Speedwagon that he was envious of Dio due to the fact he would never age while Straizo would. This envy became so much that he would later use the Stone Mask on himself just so he could become young again.\nJoseph Joestar: DIO needed Joseph in order to complete the merger of his head with Jonathan's body, secretly manipulating his minions to bring him closer and closer in order to drain his blood. Joseph had heard stories of Dio from Erina when he was small and knew of the danger he would bring. His hatred for DIO intensified, however, when he learnt that he had stolen the body of his grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, to use as his own. This hatred got to the breaking point when DIO's very existence threatened the life of Joseph's daughter Holy. Figuring out that since DIO was the cause of all the Stands in the Joestar family activating, it was more than likely that killing him would save Holy. That plan in mind, Joseph, along with his grandson Jotaro, his old friend Muhammad Avdol, and new ally Noriaki Kakyoin, decide to go to Egypt where DIO had gone to hide, and kill him.\nNoriaki Kakyoin: Having met DIO on a holiday in Egypt with his family and then put under his control with a Flesh Bud, Kakyoin was loyal to him and would do anything he wanted. However, upon having the bud removed by Jotaro and seeing the harm DIO was causing towards the innocent Holy Kujo, who had shown him kindness as he was recovering at the Kujo residence, Kakyoin decided to go with Joseph, Jotaro, and Avdol to Egypt to defeat DIO.\nJean Pierre Polnareff: Like Kakyoin, he too met DIO and was placed under his control. After having the Flesh Bud removed by Jotaro, Polnareff decided to join the team, though at first for his own goals, as Polnareff theorized that DIO would know where his sister's killer would be. Even after he avenged her sister's death, Polnareff chose to stay with the group to defeat DIO. After the deaths of both Avdol and Iggy, Polnareff vowed to defeat DIO no matter what.\nMuhammad Avdol: Unlike Kakyoin and Polnareff, Avdol recognized who DIO was upon meeting him, due to having heard about DIO from Joseph. As such, Avdol knew the man was an enemy immediately and managed to escape from him before he could be put under his control. With DIO threatening Holy's life due to him activating all the Stands in the Joestar bloodline, Avdol, along with Jotaro, Joseph, and Kakyoin decided to journey to Egypt to defeat Dio.\nIggy: Iggy was dragged against his will into joining the Joestar Group in Egypt, and as such didn't care about DIO or what was happening, being more concerned about himself. After his fight with Pet Shop though, he decided to help the group defeat DIO, as it was because of him that Iggy was brought to Egypt and put through so much trouble in the first place. In the end, DIO and Iggy never personally encounter one another, as Iggy dies protecting Polnareff during his fight with Vanilla Ice.\nJotaro Kujo: DIO viewed Jotaro as much of a threat as Jonathan was, if not more, going to extremes to outwit and ensure his death. While Jonathan was an opponent DIO respected, Jotaro was an opponent DIO feared. Jotaro on the other hand, despite being able to hide his emotions from other people, was secretly worried about his mother's failing health caused by her Stand and wanted to defeat DIO as quickly as possible, as her Stand was caused by DIO activating all the Stands in the Joestar bloodline at the same time. After DIO had apparently killed his grandfather Joseph right in front of him, Jotaro's hatred for DIO intensified to where, for the first time, Jotaro was visibly enraged and acted on anger. After a long and grueling fight with the vampire, Jotaro finally managed to outwit and kill DIO."}, {'title': 'Relationships in Over Heaven', 'content': "The information below derives from a source not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canonW.\nDaniel J. and Telence T. D'Arby: DIO saw the D'Arby brothers as important tools to enter into heaven. While he believed their souls were too impure to enter themselves, he acknowledged their ability to manipulate souls as useful for his own ascension.\nEnya the Hag: While the novel doesn't add too much to their relationship, DIO states that he would've considered letting her bear his child if she was younger.\nDario Brando: While their relationship is about as negative as it is in the manga, it is revealed that he hated his father for allowing him to enter the Joestar Mansion because he thought that one act of kindness allowed Dario to get into heaven and one of the reasons he wanted to get into heaven was to kill his father again.\nDio's Mother: In the novel it is revealed that his mother taught him everything he knew about the world. While Dio is unsure if heaven really exists, he believes that her death saved her from her living hell of a life. It is revealed that the words in his diary are from a nursery song she sung him.\nUnborn Sibling: It is revealed that Dio's mother was pregnant with an unborn sibling but ended up miscarrying him/her.\nErina Pendleton: DIO respects Erina's strength and in someways saw her as a bigger threat than Jonathan. DIO theorizes that Erina Joestar placed both him, herself, and the infant Lisa-Lisa in the casket on the boat where Jonathan died in order to escape the boat's explosion. DIO at first believes that Erina did this in hope DIO may return some day as a better man with Jonathan's body. He quickly dismisses the idea, stating that if it was the case that Erina reminded him of his mother.\nThis section requires expansion."}, {'title': 'Relationships in Eyes of Heaven', 'content': "The information below derives from a source not written by Araki. As such, it may or may not be considered canonW.\nGiorno Giovanna: Intrigued that he had a son with such capabilities, he acknowledges Giorno's power if he wins. He has no problems fighting alongside him, as evidenced by their combined attack.\nMariah: DIO shows absolute faith in Mariah's abilities.\nWill Zeppeli: While their relationship is essentially the same as in the manga, when Zeppeli encounters DIO from Stardust Crusaders, he will state that Dio seems even eviler and wonders if the Stone Mask is responsible, while DIO believes Zeppeli is even less of a threat than before since he acquired The World.\nKars, Esidisi and Wamuu: Dio recognizes each of them as Pillar Men and seeks to kill them."}]}, {'title': 'Video Games', 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure (SNES)", 'content': 'DIO will sporadically appear throughout the game to taunt the heroes and comment on what tarot cards have been chosen for them. He appears as the final boss of the game and, unlike the manga, the entire Joestar group is pitted against him (this includes Jotaro, Joseph, Polnareff, Kakyoin and the then-meant-to-be-deceased Avdol and Iggy.) He primarily uses his Stand, The World, and its time stop ability to deal major damage to the player characters. However, he has the glaring weakness of taking much more damage from attacks dealt by Jotaro within his own stopped time.'}, {'title': 'Cult Jump', 'content': "DIO appears as one of the ten characters from the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure franchise in the game."}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Heritage for the Future", 'content': '', 'sections': [{'title': 'Shadow Dio', 'content': 'Shadow Dio (邪悪の化身ディオ, Ja\'aku no Keshin Dio, lit. Evil\'s Incarnation Dio) is the form Dio takes for most of Part 3 while waiting for his body to completely assimilate. To reflect this, his moveset involves mainly open-hand light and heavy attacks (which ties into how weak the left side of his body was if Dio happens to have his animations be performed when facing right). The World in this form, is also depicted as a faint-and-clear silhouette.\nIn the game where Active Stands are prevalent, Shadow Dio is a passive stand user. He can deal a lot of damage with full offensive attacks without an Active Stand via a solid amount of frame-traps and pseudo-disjointed pokes with his silhouette-version of The World, even though he lacks the more defensive and utility-type traits of having an active Stand. He also has a counter-reversal move, a reference to his encounter with Hol Horse, that helps this play style to be more effective, which can be used either for offense as a reversal punisher, or defense when Dio himself is in pressure.\nWhile not shown in the manga or anime in earlier chapters, Shadow Dio is capable of throwing knives. These knives, while not too fast for up-close combat, can push enemies further back and gives him a semblance of anti-air defense. The angle of the knives can be varied (straight forward or in a fanned-spread either upward or forward, and he can throw knives twice. The first knife throw has a large amount of hitstun and can be used to ease into combos, though either version is meant to control a certain range of space.\nHis eyebeam projectile can be charged to an incredibly powerful and unblockable level, sometimes causing a Stand Crash in one hit. But like his normal form, it can easily be ducked under. He also possesses a graphic command grab involving him jamming his fingers into his foe\'s face before physically discarding them (but it does not actually steal their life to add to Dio\'s own).\nHis Stand attacks are effective as surprises, and capable of juggling and/or short bread-and-butter combo finishers. Combined with his own attacks, he deals a lot of damage in a short time, more so within The World, when he stops time.\nHis Super Combo, "Punishment", deals heavy damage if it connects. However, it cannot be incorporated into combos easily and works better as an out-of-pressure reversal or a frame trap. His other Super Combo, called "Charisma", takes two levels of power, but the buds coming out of his hair are unblockable and home in on the enemy. The slow start-up animation of this move requires it to be a part of the combo, in order to perform the move without being interrupted by the enemy\'s attacks (or to be used during the opponent\'s wakeup to lock them down more effectively).\nIf Shadow Dio is transformed by Alessi\'s Stand, he will transform into Wang Chan carrying Dio\'s severed head in a jar from the final few chapters of Part 1.'}, {'title': 'DIO', 'content': 'This is the appearance DIO takes for the final chapters of Stardust Crusaders. A majority of his "open-handed" attacks are now properly clenched into fists (his light and hard attacks), signifying his better control over the body.\nHis moveset now resembles Jotaro\'s, with a few touches of his own. In contrast to Jotaro, DIO is more effective with his Stand on. His Stand combos are effective at dealing a lot of damage to the enemy in a short time. As such, DIO specializes in quick disposal of an enemy.\nHis Blazing Strikes can be manipulated to hit low, where the enemy must guard low. This makes his attacks unpredictable, keeping opponents on their toes. His Space Ripper Stingy Eyes attack, now with a different command, are now completely unblockable, though the animation is notably slower and lack any ability to cause a Stand Crash right off.\nHis Road Roller, though weak in JoJo\'s Venture, now deals greater damage in JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure. His Chi no Shoukan (Bloody Summoning), added in the second game, requires the enemy to be hit before he sucks their blood via the same command grab animation he possessed as Shadow Dio. The scene when he connects with the move is considerably graphic, with a cutscreen of the enemy\'s face being punctured by DIO\'s fingers.\nWhile he does have considerable damaging potential, he does have handicaps; His super moves cannot be integrated into combos in such a way that they will chain together. However, his super moves have a degree of invincibility, which increase his effectiveness in close-quarter battles, even when predictable. DIO players tend to rely on frame traps or mistakes from the enemy to inflict damage. To be able to use him well, DIO players must have the reflexes to perform their super moves at the right moment and often with right judgement.\nHis The World - Time Stop is particularly deadly at 10 levels of power. He can deploy a lot of knives (particularly the Active Stand version of the Super Move) repeatedly, especially point blank on the enemy, and perform Road Roller before the power gauge goes below level 1. If the enemy is big in size, the more the enemy will take damage from the knives. It is a gamble though to successfully perform The World against a human player, but the damage it inflicts is worth the effort.\nHis time stop ability can be foiled by attacks that bring total invincibility to its user, Vanilla Ice being one such character. True to the manga and anime, Jotaro also can usurp the timestop from DIO if he does his own timestop command in the right moment.\nFor the first round in the final battle against him, DIO will wear his jacket and his abilities will be limited; this form of his is not playable through normal means. After his first defeat, and regardless of how many rounds the player sets, he will shed his jacket via entering his playable final form and the game will declare it to be the final round.\nIf DIO is hit by Alessi\'s Stand, he will turn into Nukesaku.'}]}, {'title': "GioGio's Bizarre Adventure (PS2)", 'content': "DIO appears in the game's opening, during a scene where Giorno Giovanna looks at the picture of his father in his wallet (replicating the action taken in an early chapter from Vento Aureo)."}, {'title': 'Jump Super Stars (Nintendo DS)', 'content': 'DIO is one of the many playable characters in Jump Super Stars. He can only be unlocked after clearing the game once. \nHe has three potential "battle panel" formations: a 4-block, a 5-block and a 6-block. All three have his characteristic "MUDAMUDA!" stream of punches as one special attack. His other special attack varies depending on the formation: With the 4-block, it\'s "The World, Circle of Knives", with the 5-block it\'s "The World, Road Roller" and with the 6-block, it\'s "The World, Time Stop". He also features in two "support panels" - the 2-block "Eye-Crushing Kick" and the 3-block "WRYAAAAA!" - and one "help panel" which renders the player\'s battle character immune from damage for a short period of time.\nIn terms of playing style, he is best for long-range attacks and uses a combination of punches and kicks. The World gives him a longer range than most characters, but at the cost of his speed. Dio is able to drains an opponent\'s health in close quarters (via sticking his fingers in their neck) and transfers it to himself. He can use "Space Ripper Stingy Eyes" as a regular attack, and has an aerial move which involves throwing knives.\nInterestingly, he receives a power boost when his "battle panels" are placed beside those of Hao from Shaman King and/or PapillionW from Busou Renkin. He is also able to perform a special tag-team attack with Sasuke from Naruto called "Sharingan World", whereby DIO\'s homing daggers and Sasuke\'s shuriken slice through all enemies on the screen.'}, {'title': 'Jump Ultimate Stars (Nintendo DS)', 'content': 'DIO returns in the Jump Super Stars sequel, Jump Ultimate Stars and retains his previous playing style.\nIn the game, DIO can receive a power boost when his panel is placed beside Giorno (whom asks if DIO is one person with two bodies), Jonathan (who mocks him with his iconic line "MUDAMUDA!") and Taizo from Taizo Mote King Saga (whom asks if DIO remembers how many pairs of underwear he had worn to date, parodying Dio\'s classic line). \nDIO also provides an ally boost to Frieza from Dragon Ball Z (he asks Frieza if he also seeks for immortality) and Dr. Mashirito from DR.Slump (he asks if Mashirito has his ideology; after winning comes world domination, a goal shared by both villains).'}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Phantom Blood (PS2 Game)", 'content': 'Dio appears in this game as multiple different playable versions such as "Young Dio", "Joestar Mansion Fight Dio" and "Vampire Dio". The game also has a mode called "DIO MODE", where the player faces all the battles from Dio\'s perspective (with new events, like Zeppeli surviving Tarkus\' battle and then confronting Dio along Jonathan).\nNotably in one variation of his final fight with Jonathan, Dio can instead briefly plant his head on the body of the drunken priest Styx before making his final move.\nThe player can also win the boxing match between Jonathan and Dio, leading to a scene where Dio claims Jonathan cheated and hit him with a rock.'}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle", 'content': 'Dio appears in the PS3 game as two separate fighters; the first being "Dio Brando" from Part 1, and the second being "DIO", from Part 3. This marks him as one of the only three characters with two incarnations, the others being Joseph Joestar and Yoshikage Kira.', 'sections': [{'title': 'Dio Brando', 'content': 'Dio Brando (from Part 1) uses the exclusive Vampirism Style as part of his moveset, which allows a number of his skills to drain the opponent\'s health and in one specific case, their Heart Heat Gauge.\nDio\'s moveset mostly comprises the vampiric feats he had done in the original manga.\nYou worthless primate!: Dio bounds high into the air. Skills marked with a diamond can be instantly followed by this move as a cancel. This move can also be used to evade attacks.\nAerial Chain Beat: Dio can chain his normal attacks together in mid-air.\nPunch right through you!: Dio runs and delivers two hits that down the opponent. The second hit is a middle attack that cannot be blocked if the opponent is crouching. Skills can be performed instantly following this move. (Comboable)\nVaporizing Freeze: After a short delay, Dio hits the opponent with a frozen leg, freezing them in the process and leaving them vulnerable. If Light, the attack becomes a middle attack that cannot be blocked if the opponent is crouching, hitting them with his knee. If Medium, the attack becomes a low attack that cannot be blocked if the opponent is not crouching, kicking them with his foot. This move is marked with a star and a diamond. (Comboable)\nFrozen in your tracks!: A counter. Dio mockingly gestures the opponent toward him, and if hit with a non-Throw/HHA/GHA in that moment, he will freeze the opponent, leaving them vulnerable. This move is marked with a star. (Comboable)\nKUA!: Dio delivers a spinning kick. This move has a follow-up skill and is marked with a diamond. (Comboable through Puttsun Cancel)\n5 or 6 broken ribs!: Dio delivers alternating knees into the opponent\'s torso. This move has two follow-up skills. (Comboable through Puttstun Cancel)\nThink you can beat the great Dio?!: Dio grabs the opponent and freezes them, before uppercutting them high into the air with his other hand. This move is marked with a star and a diamond (Comboable through Puttstun Cancel)\nWRYYY!!: Dio uses both hands to slam the opponent to the ground hard enough for them to bounce. This move has a delay, but is a middle attack that cannot be blocked if the opponent is crouching. This move is marked with a star and a diamond. (Comboable through Puttstun Cancel)\nYou weakling!: This move can only be used after a skill marked with a star lands. Dio plunges his fingers into his opponent and starts draining their blood. Dio drains the opponent\'s health to replenish his own.\nMUDA, MUDA, MUDA!: This move can only be used after a skill marked with a star lands. Dio plunges his fingers into his opponent and starts draining their blood. Dio syphons the opponent\'s Heart Heat Gauge.\nI\'ll suck you dry!: Dio lunges forward and stabs with his fingers. If it hits, he will recover health as he drains the opponent\'s.\nThrow - You impudent fool!: Dio grabs the opponent by the neck with one hand, strangles them, and throws them away with much of his power.\nDio\'s HHA move is Space Ripper Stingy Eyes. Reassuring his opponent that they won\'t feel a thing, he fires high pressure fluid from his eyes in an attack akin to laser beams that will hit at any range instantly. If this move is used to K.O. Jonathan, a special animation will play where Jonathan futilely tries to block the beams and whispers "Erina..." as he falls.\nDio\'s GHA, "A cruel death awaits you!" has him lunge at the opponent with freezing arms. If he succeeds in landing the attack, the opponent will be completely frozen over, and Dio will mock them for their weakness before pummeling them ruthlessly with knees and fists. Uppercutting them into the air, he finishes by smashing their frozen form to bits between his hands while laughing (replicating Dire\'s defeat).\nHis alternate costumes comprise of several outfits he wore during Part 1: his first costume has his cape and feathered shoulder pads outfit (the same he wore during the night of his transformation) and the second one is his attire seen in his first battle against Zeppeli and Jonathan (similar to his default costume, but without the scarf).'}, {'title': 'DIO', 'content': 'DIO (from Part 3) is now of the Stand Style. DIO can turn The World on/off, changing movesets, as well as having access to the Stand Rush ability returning from the Capcom game, being able to attack in conjunction with his Stand.\nDuring a fight, DIO can use several different attacks that were featured in Stardust Crusaders.\nThrow - What just happened?: The World picks the opponent up by the neck and stops time. When time resumes, the opponent has been punched through the abdomen and is sent flying.\nWhile The World is off:\n"Right in front of me?!": Through stopping time, The World instantly appears in front of the opponent to strike them. (Comboable through Puttsun Cancel)\nI\'ll give you one chance: DIO swaggers toward the opponent before stopping to pose. The effect of the skill is dependent on the attack button inputted.\nLight - Attacks that do not result in a hard knockdown or blowback no longer phase him, though he still takes damage.\nMedium - He will automatically perform a Stylish Dodge as soon as the opponent strikes him. This can only happen in the first half of his walking length, otherwise he is vulnerable.\nHeavy - If he touches the opponent, he\'ll uppercut them into the air as a Throw. (Comboable through Puttsun Cancel)\n"He\'s... gone!": DIO raises his finger before stopping time and reappearing a distance forward to deliver an upward smack. If Heavy is inputted, the move will simply result in a feint. (Comboable through Puttsun Cancel)\nOh, this suits me well!: DIO swings at the opponent open-handed. If he connects, he\'ll knock them to the ground, plunge his fingers into them, and start draining their blood. DIO drains the opponent\'s health to replenish his own.\nThis is the greatest high!: If performed on any of the Joestar lineage (Jonathan, Joseph, Jotaro, Josuke 4, Giorno, Jolyne; Does not work on Johnny Joestar and Josuke 8), DIO will follow-up by jabbing his finger into his head and twisting it as he laughs maniacally, granting him half a bar of his HHG. This action will only happen once the entire battle.\nAnd one more just in case!: DIO summons The World to throw a knife.\nAn absolute end: This move can only be used when the opponent is down. DIO pulls out a sign and brings it down on them. This skill is a middle attack and can only be blocked if the opponent is standing.\nSo close!: This skill can only be used once DIO is hit by any non-Throw/HHA/GHA, or any attack that does not down or send him flying upon the first hit. DIO stops time in order to escape, appearing to the side of where he previously was in relation to the opponent (similar in effect to a Stylish Dodge). Its activation consumes two bars of the Heart Heat Gauge and 35% of the Guard Gauge in return for completely breaking out of an opponent\'s attack or combo, and functions in the exact same manner as Diavolo\'s "Such futility!" counter.\nWhile The World is on:\nMUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA!: The World rushes forward with a barrage of punches, advancing on the opponent and knocking them down. This ability can initiate Rush Mode. (Comboable through Puttsun Cancel)\nMy Stand\'s full power!: This move can only be used in mid-air. The World rapidly punches downward, before unleashing an upward kick that sends the opponent high into the air. A Stand Rush skill that DIO can disconnect from to attack the opponent while it is executing.\nThis is... The World!: After a brief delay, DIO and The World flash forward by stopping time as The World delivers a potent punch that sends the opponent flying far if successful. If Medium or Heavy is used, the attack is unblockable.\nIf DIO has at least two stocks of the Heart Heat Gauge, he can use the ability "Time, stop!". If the activating three-second animation plays uninterrupted, DIO will stop time for 4.6 - 6.9 seconds depending on how much of the HHG he has. All animations, including the HHG flame and the countdown on the battle timer, will temporarily cease, and the opponent in frozen in place and unable to move. Damage dealt to the opponent that is not a Throw, "I\'ll give you one chance", "Oh, this suits me well!", HHA, or GHA is reduced, but the opponent is otherwise completely at DIO\'s mercy. DIO is even capable of hitting opponents that were down when the ability was activated, \'resetting\' them into a standing position on the first hit. Knives thrown using "And one more just in case!" or his HHA hang in the air, notably doing more damage if they hit the opponent after time resumes than if they were to have connected immediately. He may even use his HHA or GHA if he has enough of the HHG left to do so. If DIO\'s Throw, the attack variation of "I\'ll give you one chance", "Oh, this suits me well!", HHA, or GHA is used, time will immediately resume with the HHG drained to zero. When the ability ends, the opponent will suffer all damage dealt to them at once. If fighting against Jotaro or himself, DIO can use this ability to move within the other fighter\'s stopped time, and may even be the only one left moving should his opponent run out first. The ability is best used with normal attacks in mind in order to deal the most damage within the stopped time, as they do not take long to perform and their damage reduction is insubstantial.\nDIO\'s HHA, "Scared, are we?" is similar to Shadow DIO\'s "Checkmate" super from the Capcom game. DIO tauntingly notes how pale his opponent has gotten and performs a roundhouse kick sliding forward. If this hits, the opponent is sent flying into the air as DIO stops time and throws 27 knives that surround them at most angles, before resuming time and letting them get skewered. If "Time, stop!" is active, the HHA will change to simply DIO and The World launching a multitude of knives in a fanning wave, but deal less damage. If quick enough, the HHA can be performed twice during stopped time if DIO\'s Heart Heat Gauge has three stocks, ultimately dealing more damage than the HHA\'s original version, but only if the knives don\'t immediately hit the opponent once thrown.\nDIO\'s GHA, "It\'s a steam roller!", is his infamous climactic dropping of a steam roller. If The World\'s opening punch strikes the victim, DIO stops time, jumps high into the air where he can no longer be seen, and brings the now-memetic steam roller down on his victim. He then elbows the vehicle repeatedly, heavily denting it in the process, before jumping off and resuming time, thus allowing the vehicle to explode as it is crushing his opponent. If the same move is done against Jotaro, he summons Star Platinum to try to punch the roller away. Jotaro may initiate "I stopped time..." over the course of the GHA, and a special animation will play where DIO is blindsided by Jotaro stopping time. While this doesn\'t negate the damage of the whole attack, it does negate the damage of the steam roller\'s explosion that makes up more than half of the GHA\'s total damage.\nDIO\'s alternate costumes include his jacket-less empowered, or \'High\' form with straight, spikier hair (the same appearance after sucking Joseph\'s blood), his "Shadow DIO" form complete with a shadowed-obscured face (similar to his first few appearances in Part 3), his normal attire using an long cape (the one he wore up until Kakyoin\'s death, where he throws it away), and the outfit he wore on the cover of Over Heaven, complete with an updated hair style and color.\nDIO (Part 3) is also the character with most unique pre-fight dialogues with other characters. This includes conversations with Jonathan, Jotaro, Old Joseph, Polnareff, Kakyoin, Avdol, Hol Horse, Vanilla Ice, Giorno, Enrico Pucci, and both parts of himself.\nDIO (Part 3) was the most voted character for the fan-vote JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle League and even won the Tournament, beating Jotaro Kujo in the final match.'}]}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Shooters", 'content': 'DIO appears as one of the several Part 1 and Part 3 characters who possess a Metal Strike, with several different appearances.\nFor his Part 1 variations, his younger self\'s Finish Move attacks the opponent with a punch followed by a fingerprint (mimicking the same finishing blow he dealt to Jonathan in their first fight), while his vampire versions attack the opponent with his fingers while sucking their blood.\nFor his Part 3 variations, his Shadow Dio Finish Move makes him attack the opponent with his hair, while his normal version attacks the opponent with his Stand\'s "MUDAMUDAMUDA!" rush.\nBy being the greatest villain in the game, his Metal Strikers are naturally the hardest ones to obtain in the game, usually requiring special conditions and tasks to be earned.'}, {'title': 'J-Stars Victory Vs (PS3/PS4/PS Vita)', 'content': 'Aside from being mentioned by Jonathan only once in Story Mode, he does not appear in any form in the game. However, hidden data was found in the game for him and Jotaro as playable characters (alongside other Weekly Shōnen Jump characters Yoh and Dai, from Shaman KingW and Dragon Quest: Dai no DaibōkenW respectively).'}]}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven", 'content': "Dio Brando (Part 1) was confirmed for the game alongside Iggy, N'Doul and Old Joseph, while DIO (Part 3) was confirmed alongside Vanilla Ice. He appears as one the 6 playable characters in the second demo.", 'sections': [{'title': 'Dio Brando', 'content': 'Dio Brando is of the Vampire style. As such, a number of his abilities allow him to not only steal opponents\' health, but also to enter a Vampiric Power-Up Mode, boosting his movement speed and attack damage, among other things. All damage to him aside from Ripple-based will become "white damage", that can be healed over time, and inversely, Dio will take more damage from Ripple-based attacks.\nStyle Action - Behold this magnificent power!: Dio grabs the opponent and siphons their blood for his own health, an ability that can be easily incorporated into many of his combos. Successfully landing this attack with enter Dio into Vampiric Power-Up Mode. The skill will have no cooldown if Dio is already in Vampiric Power-Up Mode.\nVaporizing Freeze: While Vampiric Power-Up Mode is active, Dio gains the ability to freeze opponents if he guards before a non-projectile/DHA attack hits. (Comboable)\nYou Won\'t Feel a Thing!: Dio fires off Space Ripper Stingy Eyes, sending opponents reeling if it hits. If Vampiric Power-Up Mode is active, the execution speed and distance of the attack is increased, and opponents hit are instead left crumpling and open to further attack.\nWRYYYYY!: Dio clasps his hands together and charges forward. If he connects with an opponent, he will pick them up by the neck and absorb their health, entering Vampiric Power-Up Mode if it is not already active. He will take more health if the activating button is rapidly pressed. If Vampiric Power-Up Mode is active, the attack becomes unblockable and Dio\'s charging distance is increased.\nWeak! WEAK!: Dio performs alternating knee kicks that knock opponents into the air before leaping, allowing him to continue his combo from mid-air. The brief pause that occurs upon his landing can be cancelled with a jump. If Vampiric Power-Up Mode is active, Dio receives super armor (unflinching to opponents\' attack) during the attack, and will execute the leap quicker.\nMUDA MUDA MUDA!: Dio performs a single a knee kick, freezing opponents hit and leaving them vulnerable to further attack. If Vampiric Power-Up Mode is active, the attack will execute quicker.\nEX - You Won\'t Feel a Thing!: The skill gains the benefits of Vampiric Power-Up Mode whether or not it is actually active. It will also execute quicker, and Dio is granted invincibility during the attack.\nEX - WRYYYYY!: The attack executes quicker and Dio\'s charging distance is increased further. He is also able to absorb even more health.\nTrait - A fall from this height is nothing to me!: Dio is able to walk on certain walls and columns around the stage, granting him the ability to reach different areas of stages without needing to travel the conventional routes, or simply avoid attacks. Holding this activating button will allow him to climb higher, and he is able to attack from his vantage points.\nTrait - I shall live for centuries... for eternity!: When Dio\'s health hits zero for the first time, if his partner is still alive, he will momentarily rise and fire Space Ripper Stingy Eyes one more time at the closest opponent before falling permanently, dealing considerable damage.', 'sections': [{'title': 'JoJolities', 'sections': [{'title': 'JoJolities', 'content': 'Prepare to be frozen in your tracks!: Dio must connect "MUDA MUDA MUDA!" 3 times. (200 Points)\nDo you remember how many breads you have eaten in your life?: Dio must connect his Style Action 5 times. (200 Points)\nI, Dio, will kill you!: Dio must Retire an opponent. (300 Points)\nI reject my humanity!: Dio must retain a Vampiric Power-Up Mode for 20 counts of the battle timer. (500 Points)\nYou thought you stood a chance?: Dio must win within 50 counts of the battle timer. (800 Points)'}, {'title': 'Dual Heat Attacks', 'content': 'Solo - A cruel death awaits you!: It works the same as the one from All Star Battle.\nWith DIO - The Sickest and the Strongest: Dio freezes the opponent and attempts to unleash Space Ripper Stingy Eyes, quickly interrupted by DIO stopping time and pummeling them with The World into the air. DIO resumes time to allow Dio to fire off the attack, tilting his head to the side to avoid getting hit and watches as the beams obliterate the frozen opponent.\nHe has special dialogue when teamed up with Jonathan, where both, while showing great disdain for the other, reluctantly accept each other as partners.\nMuch like every character from Part 1 through Part 3, his main color scheme and outfit is based on his anime appearance.'}, {'title': 'Tournament', 'content': 'Dio Brando is paired with Joseph Joestar (Part 2) in the Eyes of Heaven Tournament, defeating Caesar Zeppeli and Shigekiyo Yangu in the first round, but eliminated by Kars and Pet Shop in the second.'}]}]}, {'title': 'DIO', 'content': 'DIO is both a Stand User and a Vampire. As a Vampire, he is able to steal opponents\' health. All damage to him aside from Ripple-based will become "white damage", that can be healed over time, and inversely, DIO will take more damage from Ripple-based attacks. As a Stand User, DIO is one of many characters with wildly varied abilities that grant him uniqueness in battle.\nStyle Action - Stop, time!: After a short period of vulnerability, DIO stops time for five whole seconds, rivaling the time stop of THE WORLD Diego. His partner and opponents are unable to move, and he is able to initiate any action or attack with impunity. However, other time-stopping characters may activate their own ability to enter DIO\'s stopped time. This ability\'s cooldown is equal to 40 counts of the battle timer, making it the longest cooldown of any ability in the game.\nOh, this suits me well!: DIO, from a combo, knocks an opponent to the ground, plunges his fingers into them, and start draining their blood. He absorbs a small amount of their health to replenish his own.\nThis is the greatest high!: If performed on any of the Joestar lineage (Jonathan, Joseph, Jotaro, Josuke 4, Giorno, Jolyne; Does not work on Johnny Joestar and Josuke 8), DIO will follow-up by jabbing his finger into his head and twisting it as he laughs maniacally. This grants him a point of the Dual Heat Gauge, and restores his stamina as well as his Flash Burst if it is on cooldown. This action will only happen once the entire battle.\nThis is... The World!: Through stopping time, The World instantly appears in front of opponents in range to strike them with an overhead punch. If time is stopped, The World will instead fly forward to deliver a punch to the abdomen.\nMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!: The World attacks by rapidly punching 12 times while advancing forward, the last hit sending opponents flying.\nHe\'s gone!: DIO raises his finger before stopping time and reappearing a distance in the direction the movement stick is held. If no direction is being inputted, DIO will simply "teleport" backwards. He is able to cancel into a Normal Attack once the skill succeeds. If time is stopped, DIO will simply perform an invincible Sidestep.\nThere\'s no escape!: DIO and The World throw five knives straight forward, or straight at their target if locked on. If time is stopped, they will freeze in mid-air after traveling some distance. This will also cause the skill to execute quicker, allow DIO to recover form using it faster, and boost the cooldown speed.\nEX - There\'s no escape!: The knives fly faster and have increased range. They will now leave opponents crumpling, and temporarily slow their movement speed afterward.\nEX - This is... The World!: The skill executes quicker, DIO recovers from using it faster, and the range of The World is increased.', 'sections': [{'title': 'JoJolities', 'sections': [{'title': 'JoJolities', 'content': 'It\'s only fitting that I finish you off with The World\'s true power!: DIO must use his Style Action. (200 Points)\nWRYYAAAAA!: DIO must connect a Powerful Attack as the third step in a mid-air combo. (200 Points)\nHeh heh heh! I knew you\'d never be able to match The World\'s power and precision!: DIO must connect "MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!" five times. (300 Points)\nIdiot...: DIO must connect "This is... The World!" 3 times. (500 Points)\nYou haven\'t even noticed that you\'re dead.: DIO must land a Dual Heat Attack while time is stopped. (800 Points)'}, {'title': 'Dual Heat Attacks', 'content': "Solo - THE WORLD!: DIO walks calmly and intimidatingly towards the opponent, and tells them to feast their eyes on his power while he's seemingly about to attack them. He suddenly stops time to appear behind his target as they're frozen by fear, then summons The World to punch through them with enough power to send them flying.\nWith Dio - The Sickest and the Strongest: Dio freezes the opponent and attempts to unleash Space Ripper Stingy Eyes, quickly interrupted by DIO stopping time and pummeling them with The World into the air. DIO resumes time to allow Dio to fire off the attack, tilting his head to the side to avoid getting hit and watches as the beams obliterate the frozen opponent.\nWith Giorno - Surpassing Existence!: DIO summons The World to batter the opponent, before being joined by Giorno and Gold Experience. After exchanging looks, both of them yell out their shared Stand Cry in unison and attack their target with steadily increasing power, before delivering a combined powerful strike that sends the opponent reeling.\nWith New Moon Pucci - Rulers of Time and Gravity: This DHA is only available with Pucci using Made in Heaven. DIO stops time and throws a barrage of knives. As time resumes, Pucci speeds up the knives' flight using Made in Heaven to make them hit their target with more power. Pucci then uses MiH's power to allow DIO the ability to get close to the enemy with extreme haste and deliver a singular punch that launches them off.\nHe also has special dialogue when paired with Jonathan: While Jonathan agrees to fight with DIO for the battle only, DIO notes that such a statement only proves that they are the same person.\nMuch like every character from Part 1 through Part 3, his main color scheme is based on his anime appearance."}]}]}, {'title': 'Diamond Records (Android/iOS)', 'content': 'Several versions of Dio Brando are playable in Diamond Records. Part 1 Dio is available as a 6 stars Fighting Spirit character or a 5 star Solitary character. Part 3 DIO is can be the classic version a 6 or 5 stars Fighting Spirit character, high DIO as a 6 stars Solitary or 6 stars Fighting spirit character or shadow DIO as a 6 stars Tactical character.'}, {'title': "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Last Survivor", 'content': "DIO was one of the characters first confirmed during the game's announcement.\n "}]}]}, {'title': 'Trivia', 'content': 'Dio\'s name is derived from the Italian word for "God", befitting his megalomaniac personality and his project to create a new world for him and his subordinates as implied in Stone Ocean. His Heaven-Attained DIO form also fits as well due to warping reality to his liking.\nThe style of Dio\'s name in Part 1 is written normally, whereas DIO\'s name in Part 3 onward is written in English and completely capitalized.\nDespite this, Giorno\'s picture of him has "Dio Brando" imprinted on it, even though his original name would have been long forgotten by then.\nThe trick DIO used on Hol Horse by instantly going through spider webs without damaging them is likely a reference to Bela Lugosi\'s first scenes in Dracula (1931).\nOut of coincidence, Dio shares two of his Japanese voice actors and his English anime voice actor with the CastlevaniaW version of DraculaW, those being Hikaru MidorikawaW in the OVA and the PS2 game, Norio WakamotoW in the Audio Drama, and Patrick Seitz in the anime. Midorikawa voices Dracula\'s reincarnation in the series, Soma Cruz, while Wakamoto and Seitz voice Dracula himself.\nThe bridge Jotaro defeats DIO on is the Qasr al-Nil BridgeW, which connects downtown CairoW to Gezira IslandW and the ZamalekW district. Its coordinates are 30.043747°N 31.229464°E.\nIn Araki\'s top Ten Favourite Characters in 2000, DIO ranked as 10th, being the third main villain in the countdown.\nDio and Diego\'s themes in Eyes Of Heaven are remixes of each other. This is true for both Dio Brando and Scary Monsters Diego, as well as DIO and Alternate Diego. This makes sense as Diego is the reboot of sorts counterpart of Dio.\nOne reason Jonathan\'s body would reject Dio\'s head would be transplant rejection. Transplant rejection occurs when the recipient\'s immune system attacks the transplanted organ or tissue. The immune response protects the body against potentially harmful substances ("antigens") such as microorganisms, toxins and cancer cells. The immune system distinguishes "proper" from "strange" and reacts against substances it considers "foreign". In other words, that meant Jonathan\'s body was still fighting Dio\'s head.\nAraki considers Dio to be \'the true protagonist\' of Phantom Blood. Araki developed Dio\'s character design before Jonathan. Dio also makes his debut first before Jonathan. Araki pondered in deciding what would be the scariest factor, and decided that "evil from the past" coming to get the present descendant would be the most frightening thing. Dio was developed with this in mind. After him, Jonathan Joestar of \'light\' was designed to counter Dio\'s \'darkness\'.\nIn a spring 2018 interview with Shueisha\'s Kotoba magazine, Araki describes how Blade RunnerW had influenced his work back when it premiered. He mentions Dio\'s blond hair and muscular build in particular as being influenced by the Blade Runner character, Roy Batty.\nDio is stated to be BisexualW by Araki in a 2007 interview.'}, {'title': 'In Popular Culture', 'content': 'Zephyr, one of the bosses in the video game Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow as well as Portrait of Ruin, pays homage to Dio Brando. Besides a habit of bending over backwards, he has the ability to throw knives, as well as freeze time with a shout of Toki yo Tomare!!! ("Stop, O time!", translated to "Time, be still!" in the English dub of Portrait of Ruin, where Zephyr appears as a bonus boss.). He also faces the protagonist in a clock tower, a reference to Dio Brando\'s fight with Joseph Joestar and Kakyoin in the first half of the Dio\'s World story arc.\nSakuya Izayoi from the Touhou Project series is likely an homage to Dio. She is not a vampire, but the servant of Remilia Scarlet, who is a vampire. Her main power is manipulation of time - usually demonstrated by stopping it completely. She attacks by throwing knives as well. Some of her spell cards involve stopping time and making many knives appear around the player, and one of these cards is even named Illusion World "The World". In the fighting game spin-offs, she has many time-stopping special moves, one of which is called "Sakuya\'s World", which acts in the same way as Dio\'s time stop move in the JoJo fighting game.\nIronically, Miyuki Sawashiro, who voiced Sakuya in the Koumajou Densetsu II fangame, voices Jolyne Cujoh along with seiyuu Ryou Hirohashi as Reimi Sugimoto and Eri Kitamura as Yasuho Hirose (who voiced in the same fangame Touhou characters Youmu Konpaku and Remilia Scarlet respectively) all in All Star Battle, with Youmu herself being a possible reference to Jean Pierre Polnareff. Meanwhile, in the anime of Part 4, Reimu Hakurei\'s voice actress in the same fangame, Rina Satou, also voices Hayato Kawajiri.\nThe characters Robo-Ky and Justice from the 2D fighter series Guilty Gear both make references to Dio\'s \'The World\'- Robo-Ky in the form of the "Muda" battlecry with a barrage of punches in one of his Overdrive attacks (though he says "Dame"; lit. "No Good" instead), and Justice in the form of a "WRYYYYYYYYY"-like battlecry and pose in both her victory poses and her most powerful Overdrive attack, Gamma Ray.\nFurthermore, Dio\'s current seiyuu, Takehito Koyasu, also voices Zato-1/Eddie in this game, a necessary change after the death of Eddie/Zato-1\'s original voice actor, Kaneto Shiozawa.\nIn the online game, Erepublik, Dio Brando (in the form of DIO) is featured as a God Emperor of his own religion in Pakistan, referred to as "Dioism", as well as the President of a political party named the "Stardust Crusaders". Among other things within the game, Dio is also a Nobel Peace Prize recipient.\nIn the NBC drama, Heroes, a fictional Japanese salaryman named Hiro NakamuraW is a fan of JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure. As well as the references detailed in Jotaro\'s page, a scene in Volume 2 has Hiro freeze time to steal the swords of a group of samurai. Although subtitled along the lines of "That was a bad idea", Hiro taunts the samurai by saying "Muda, muda, muda!!", DIO\'s battlecry from Stardust Crusaders.\nIn the popular pixal avatar site Gaia online, there are obtainable item series known as the "RIO Star" series. These items show resemblances to Dio\'s outfit in Stardust Crusaders. There are also "Back/Tails" accessories that are called "K.O. Star (Za Warudo)" and "K.O. Star (Time Stop)" which is obviously a reference to Dio\'s stand, The World (Za Warudo).\nCheria Barnes from Tales of Graces has a fighting style based on Part 3 DIO\'s abilities. She attacks using throwing knives as well as stopping Time. However her main focus is to heal the rest of the party, in the story this is done by touching the effected area, much like how Dio healed Pucci\'s disfigured foot.\nPeacock, a playable character from SkullgirlsW, is able to make a steamroller fall on her opponents like Dio in fighting games. If the hit connects, the little fellow Avery has the same behavior and pummels the steamroller until it explodes as seen in this video. Valentine, another playable character, throws scalpels like Dio throws knifes. By setting up Valentine\'s scalpel throw as an assist move, and with good timing and luck getting the steam roller, it\'s possible to recreate the Road-roller combo from HftF since time freezes during the roller drop. The character Big Band can also turn his special move Super-Sonic Jazz into a flurry of punches similar to a Stand rush while crying "TUBATUBATUBATUBA!", a reference to Dio\'s own warcry.\nIn League of Legends, the champion Sett has an, as of writing, unreleased emote referencing the "Kono Dio Da!" meme.\nAdditionally, during Sett\'s gameplay spotlight video, the narrator yells Dio\'s famous "MUDA MUDA MUDA" cry when discussing one of Sett\'s abilities, & ends the video with a reference to the "Oh, you\'re approaching me?" meme. All this is topped off with the fact that Dio\'s japanese voice actor, Takehito Koyasu, also plays Sett in the Japanese dub of the game.', 'sections': [{'title': 'WRYYYYY', 'content': '"WRYYYYY!" (ウリイイイイイ, Uriiiii. Also pronounced Ree) is a shriek/war cry given off by vampires throughout JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure. It is used to represent the frozen, possibly slowed and heavy breath of vampires, and frequently cued to strike fear into their opponents and/or the reader/viewer. While all vampires in the series are prone to doing so, this noise is most commonly associated with Dio Brando himself.\nA resurgence of popular interest in JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure occurred when "WRYYYYY!" began making the rounds as an Internet phenomenon on Futaba Channel imageboards. Sparked by a Flash movie called "Mudah.swf" which features stick figures performing the signature attacks of five different characters from Parts 3 and 5 of the series (This was due to the fact that only series 3 and 5 had games at the time). Dio Brando\'s clip features his use of The World (often pronounced intentionally as "Za Wārudo", to mimic how Dio pronounces it in Japanese) to freeze time, throwing a barrage of knives, and finishing his dying opponent off by dropping a steamroller on him, atop which he leans back and exclaims "WRYYYYY!". This proved hilariously random to those unfamiliar with JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure. Another phrase popularized by the animation is "Muda!" (which translates to "useless" or "futile" in Japanese) which is Dio\'s (not to mention The World\'s) battle cry.\nThe recent English publication of JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure (which begins at the start of the third arc) uses the spelling "WREEEEE!", which reinforces the proper pronunciation (at the cost of obscuring the connection to the Internet fad, however given the rather offensive nature of 4chan, where the meme was most popular, it is possible that it was a deliberate act of distancing itself from the fad and 4chan).\nIn All Star Battle, and the anime, Dio does the noise with his own voice naturally as a violent scream, as opposed to the Capcom game making use of a voice synthesizer for extra shrieking effects.\nAs Giorno, Dio\'s son, uses "WRYYYYY!" during one of his fights, it is possible that the battle cry may be hereditary, since Giorno is not a vampire (but still may be a half-vampire). Another instance which supports this idea is when Dio\'s Steel Ball Run counterpart Diego also uses the WRYYYYY battle cry, during his battle against Valentine.'}, {'title': 'The World and Time Stop', 'content': 'As evidenced above, Dio\'s enunciation of his Stand and its power has also reached significant popularity, the full line in question being: THE WORLD, Time, stop! (世界(ザ・ワールド)! 時よ止まれ!, Za Warudo! Toki yo Tomare!). However it is a common misconception that the original Japanese of the line is Toki wo Tomare (時を止まれ) which is grammatically awkward as it would translate as "to stop time." The original line gives the impression that Dio is commanding time to stop.\nThe line is later followed by: Time resumes. (時は動き出す, Toki wa Ugokidasu) But most well known version is And now, Time resumes (そして、時は動き出す, Soshite Toki wa Ugokidasu) from Heritage for the Future.'}]}, {'title': 'Site Navigation', 'content': ''}, {'title': 'References', 'content': '↑ 1.0 1.1 JoJonium\n↑ Phantom Blood PS2 (10/2006)\n↑ The Mist of Emptiness, Vanilla Ice - Vol.9 "Shueisha Jump Remix Stardust Crusaders Edition" P170 The Secret of JOJO Characters\n↑ JoJo 6251, p.103\n↑ JJBA Artbook: JoJo 6251, page 151\n↑ SO Chapter 152: "Made in Heaven, Part 4" (Note: Originally 1988; Changed in later chapters)\n↑ 7.0 7.1 JoJo 6251, page 148\n↑ Chapter 440: "Gold Experience, Part 1", p.11\n↑ Chapter 6: "A Letter from the Past, Part 1", p.8\n↑ Chapter 1: "Prologue", p.9\n↑ Chapter 7, A Letter from the Past 2\n↑ Chapter 2, Dio Brando the Invader Part 1\nquote "I like being number one. You hear that? I won\'t let anyone swagger over me!"\nquote: "I hate dogs! They\'re filthy vermin who don\'t know their place!"\n↑ Chapter 4, Dio Brando the Invader Part 3quote: "Alright! I\'m burning with power, I love this feeling!"\n↑ Volume 1, Chapter 1: Dio the Invader\n↑ Chapter 117: "The Man with the Star Birthmark"\n↑ Chapter 116: "Jotaro Kujo, Part 3"\n↑ Chapter 593: "Sleeping Slaves, Part 4"\n↑ SO Chapter 119: "Under World, Part 1"\n↑ SO Chapter 127: "Heavy Weather, Part 3"\n↑ SO Chapter 110: "Bohemian Rhapsody, Part 7"\n↑ SO Chapter 115: "Sky High, Part 4"\n↑ SO Chapter 128: "Heavy Weather, Part 4"\n↑ SO Chapter 129: "Heavy Weather, Part 5"\n↑ SO Chapter 48: "Flash Flood Warning, Part 1"\n↑ SO Chapter 94: "Time for Heaven"\n↑ SO Chapter 61: "The Secret of Guard Westwood, Part 2"\n↑ JoJo 6251 Stand Encyclopedia, P.124\n↑ JORGE JOESTAR Chapter 16: Beyond II\n↑ JORGE JOESTAR Chapter 5: The Box\n↑ JORGE JOESTAR Chapter 16: Beyond II\n↑ Chapter 39-41: Blood Battle! JoJo vs. Dio\n↑ V JumpW Games Series - All of JoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure: Vento Aureo Interview\n↑ Gorgeous Irene Ch 1\n↑ JOJOmenon\n↑ Hirohiko Araki Reveals Which Blade Runner Character Inspired DIO'}], 'infobox': 'Dio Brando\nPart 1 Part 3 Part 6 Novels MangaAnimeOVAFilmShadowNormalAwakenedMangaAnimeOVAMangaAnimeOVAMangaAnimeOVAMangaAnimeJORGE JOESTAROver Heaven\nNamesake\nItalian for GodRonnie James DioW (American heavy metal musician)DioW (American heavy metal band)Marlon BrandoW (American actor)\nStand\nThe WorldJonathan\'s StandThe Passion (JORGE JOESTAR non canon novel)\nProfile\nAge\n20~21 (Part 1)120~121 (Part 3)\nBirthday\n1867~1868 (self-reported)\nGender\nMale\nHeight\n195 cm (6 ft 5in with Jonathan\'s Body)\nWeight\n105 kg (Jonathan\'s body)\nNationality\nBritish\nRace\nVampireHuman (formerly)\nHair Color\nBlonde\nEye Color\nOrange (Child; Anime)Red (Part 1 Dio, Vampire; Anime, ASB, EoH)Gold (Part 3 DIO, Digital Color, Anime, ASB, EoH)\nOccupation\nLawyer (as a human)\nFavorites\nFood\nRed wineHuman blood (as a vampire)\nHobbies\nReading\nOther Information\nGoals\nAchieve his "heaven" on Earth (Part 3)\nRelatives\nDario Brando (father)Dio Brando\'s Mother (mother)Giorno Giovanna (son)Donatello Versus (son)Ungalo (son)Rikiel (son)George Joestar (adoptive father)Jonathan Joestar (adoptive brother)\nAffiliation\nAgents of DIO (leader)Enrico Pucci (protégé)\nStatus\nStatus\nDeceased\nDate of Death\nJanuary 16, 1989\nCause of Death\nStand destruction and obliteration of body via Star Platinum\nMedia\nManga Debut\nChapter 1Prologue\nFinalAppearance\nChapter 264DIO\'s World (18)\nAnime Debut\nEpisode 1Dio the Invader\nGame Debut\nJoJo\'s Bizarre Adventure (SNES)Heritage for the Future (Playable)\nJapanese Voice Actor\nTakehito Koyasu (Anime / All Star Battle / Eyes of Heaven / All Star Battle R/Last Survivor)Kenji NojimaW (Young; Game)Hikaru MidorikawaW (Adult; Movie & Game)Isshin ChibaW (Arcade)Nobuo Tanaka (OVA)Norio WakamotoW (Drama CD)\nDub Voice Actor\nOVA: Andrew Chaikin(English Dub) Marco Balzarotti(Italian Dub)TV anime:Patrick Seitz (English Dub)Marc Winslow (Latin Spanish Dub, PB/SC)Sergio Becerril (Latin Spanish Dub, SO)Francisco Júnior (Brazilian Portuguese Dub)Carlos Sianes (European Spanish Dub)Marios Gavrilis (German Dub)Vincent Bonnasseaun (French Dub)\nUltimate Dio\nNamesake\nUltimate Life Form KarsRonnie DioW Marlon BrandoW\nStand\nThe World Ultimate The Passion\nBeyond\nTrinity\nProfile\nBirthday\n1867~1868\nGender\nMale\nRace\nVampire\nHair Color\nBlonde\nOther Information\nStatus\nStatus\nAlive\nMedia\nNovel\nJORGE JOESTAR Chapter 12: Rhinoceros Beetle'}